[Jormun] Add direct path mode (#2939)
hove-io/navitia: documentation/slate/source/includes/apis.md

| nop     | disruption_active    | boolean | For compatibility use only.<br>If true the algorithm take the disruptions into account, and thus avoid disrupted public transport.<br>Rq: `disruption_active=true` = `data_freshness=realtime` <br>Use `data_freshness` parameter instead       |  False     |
| nop     | wheelchair           | boolean | If true the traveler is considered to be using a wheelchair, thus only accessible public transport are used<br>be warned: many data are currently too faint to provide acceptable answers with this parameter on       | False       |
| nop     | direct_path          | enum    | Specify if Navitia should suggest direct paths (= only fallback modes are used).<br>Possible values: <ul><li>`indifferent`</li><li>`none` for only journeys using some PT</li><li>`only` for only journeys without PT</li></ul>      | indifferent |

> | nop     | direct_path_mode[]	     | array of strings     | Force the modes we want a direct path. If this list is not empty, we only compute direct_path for modes in this list and filter all the direct_paths of modes in first_section_mode[]. It takes the following values: `walking`, `car`, `bike`, `bss`, `ridesharing`, `taxi`. It's an array, you can give multiple modes.  | []           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| nop     | direct_path_mode[]	     | array of strings     | Force direct-path modes. If this list is not empty, we only compute direct_path for modes in this list no matter `max_duration_to_pt` and filter all the direct_paths of modes in first_section_mode[]. It can take the following values: `walking`, `car`, `bike`, `bss`, `ridesharing`, `taxi`. It's an array, you can give multiple modes. If this list is empty, we will compute direct_path for modes of the first_section_modes.  | first_section_modes[]           |
```

Author: As seen with you, I'll take this without "no matter `max_duration_to_pt`". Thanks again!
